Readme.md, before:

This Code is based on raylibstarter-mininal by Christoph Hahn (https://github.com/chfhhd/raylibstarter-minimal) and further advanced by Lee Ellermann as part of an university exam. It is meant as an portfolio of different tasks. For further explanation on the different features please look into the Git Wiki.

Naming Convention:
// in code
variable varabiable_a;

object Object_A;

method Method_A;

// in files
class class_a;

asset asset_a.png



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


```
                | (_) |       | |           | |           
 _ __ __ _ _   _| |_| |__  ___| |_ __ _ _ __| |_ ___ _ __ 
| '__/ _` | | | | | | '_ \/ __| __/ _` | '__| __/ _ \ '__|
| | | (_| | |_| | | | |_) \__ \ || (_| | |  | ||  __/ |   
|_|  \__,_|\__, |_|_|_.__/|___/\__\__,_|_|   \__\___|_|   
            __/ |                                         
           |___/  
```

# raylibstarter - minimal edition

[![CMakeBuilds](https://github.com/chfhhd/raylibstarter-minimal/actions/workflows/cmake.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/chfhhd/raylibstarter/actions/workflows/cmake.yml)

A simple raylib project template for CMake and C/C++

## Usage

Use CMake or a CMake compatible development environment to build a minimalistic raylib project. The raylib library will be downloaded automatically by CMake.

### Changing the project title and version number

The project name and version number can be customized in the `src/CMakeLists.txt` file. By default, the project name is 'game':

```
project(game VERSION 0.1 LANGUAGES CXX)
```

### Change the window size and switch to fullscreen

The width and height of the output window can be adjusted in the `src/config.h.in` file.

By removing the comment

```
//#define GAME_START_FULLSCREEN
```

the project starts in full screen mode.

### Manage assets

Store assets in the designated 'assets' folder. The project already contains a sample graphic file. In the `main.cpp` file, this image is loaded and displayed.

### Choose a different raylib version

Which raylib version is used can be specified in the `cmake/raylib.cmake` file. If this is changed after CMake has already created the project once, you must use CMake to completely rebuild the project.

### What next?

Modify the `main.cpp` file according to your needs.

### Create a binary distribution

The cpack command can be used on the command line to create a binary distribution of the project, for example:

```
cpack -G ZIP -C Debug
```

All assets will be packed into the distribution.

## License

see `LICENCE` file for details.

Commit message:

changed readme and wiki texture

Readme.md, after:

## Hello
This Code is based on raylibstarter-mininal by Christoph Hahn and further advanced by Lee Ellermann
as part of an university exam. It is meant as an portfolio of different tasks. For further explanation
on the different features please look into the Git Wiki.

All relevant information for the exam are within the Document "Datei-Struktur und Aufgabe 6" and written
in German. You can find the pdf document in the same folder as this readme.

## Used Libraries:

Raylibstarter Minimal: https://github.com/chfhhd/raylibstarter-minimal

Json Einbindung von Nlohmann: https://github.com/nlohmann/json

## Naming Convention:

// in code
variable varabiable_a;

object Object_A;

method Method_A;

// in files
class class_a;

asset asset_a.png



-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


```
                | (_) |       | |           | |           
 _ __ __ _ _   _| |_| |__  ___| |_ __ _ _ __| |_ ___ _ __ 
| '__/ _` | | | | | | '_ \/ __| __/ _` | '__| __/ _ \ '__|
| | | (_| | |_| | | | |_) \__ \ || (_| | |  | ||  __/ |   
|_|  \__,_|\__, |_|_|_.__/|___/\__\__,_|_|   \__\___|_|   
            __/ |                                         
           |___/  
```

# raylibstarter - minimal edition

[![CMakeBuilds](https://github.com/chfhhd/raylibstarter-minimal/actions/workflows/cmake.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/chfhhd/raylibstarter/actions/workflows/cmake.yml)

A simple raylib project template for CMake and C/C++

## Usage

Use CMake or a CMake compatible development environment to build a minimalistic raylib project. The raylib library will be downloaded automatically by CMake.

### Changing the project title and version number

The project name and version number can be customized in the `src/CMakeLists.txt` file. By default, the project name is 'game':

```
project(game VERSION 0.1 LANGUAGES CXX)
```

### Change the window size and switch to fullscreen

The width and height of the output window can be adjusted in the `src/config.h.in` file.

By removing the comment

```
//#define GAME_START_FULLSCREEN
```

the project starts in full screen mode.

### Manage assets

Store assets in the designated 'assets' folder. The project already contains a sample graphic file. In the `main.cpp` file, this image is loaded and displayed.

### Choose a different raylib version

Which raylib version is used can be specified in the `cmake/raylib.cmake` file. If this is changed after CMake has already created the project once, you must use CMake to completely rebuild the project.

### What next?

Modify the `main.cpp` file according to your needs.

### Create a binary distribution

The cpack command can be used on the command line to create a binary distribution of the project, for example:

```
cpack -G ZIP -C Debug
```

All assets will be packed into the distribution.

## License

see `LICENCE` file for details.
